In this video, I'll share the top five
new cla code skills that will make your
business cheaper, faster, and better so
you stop wasting time and make more
money even if you are a complete
beginner. And if you don't know who I
am, my name is Jack Roberts. I built and
saw my last tech startup with 60,000
customers. Now I scale my own AI
businesses and tell you all the stuff
that actually works. So if you haven't
already, grab that coffee. Let's dive
straight in. Starting with Andre
Karpathy's Graphify. What you're looking
at on screen here is a graph of one of
my projects that I have that I'm using
include code and effectively what it's
done if I come over and just walk you
through what it does and then I can show
you exactly how to set up and why it's
so cool. So if you think of kapathi
graphify it basically turns any codebase
that you've got fancy word of just
saying project into a queryable
knowledge graph. So effectively the
coolest thing about it, it works in any
language 25 over 25 languages. It's
multimodal. So it means it will read PDF
papers, it can do audio files, it will
transcribe those with whisper. And this
was kicked off after Andre Kapathi's big
tweet about, hey, this is how I do all
of my knowledge bases. And it's just
applying that same concept for memory
but to code bases. And there's a really
good reason why this is so good and why
it's over 70 times cheaper when you're
asking questions to your codebase in
cloud code. Effectively, you run one
command to activate it. Graphify. It's
like I said, it's inspired by Kapathy's
LM knowledge bases and it's super cool.
So, think about your codebase as a city.
Okay, every file in that codebase is a
station. Every import of subway line and
every community is a neighborhood. Now,
the good nodes are what we call the
Grand Central Stations. We call these
the guard nodes within the network. As
you can see in this one here, these are
the largest nodes that connect to most
other places within the codebase. And
the idea is when you actually want to
ask it a question instead of walking the
streets door by door, Claude rides the
lines directly to what it needs. Which
means that every new session you create
within Claude code, you have to start
from scratch. But if we use this
knowledge graph, it just shortcuts that
massively and saves you so many tokens.
Now, for example, I have my AI with Jack
dashboard here and I've got the entire
codebase sat on my computer. So, what
I'm going to do is open up an
anti-gravity and I've got the terminal
here. if anti-gravity sounds like
Spanish. Check out this video on screen.
It shows you exactly how to use Claude
code. So you'll be up and running in no
time. So effectively, all you're going
to do is basically say to uh Claude, hey
there, I'd like you to go ahead and
install and clone this repo so that I
can use it within this project, please.
Okay. And then you're just going to copy
and paste in the GitHub repo. And what
this will then do is essentially go over
to GitHub, grab all the stuff and bring
it down. And then we can actually query
it. And I encourage you to do this test
yourself and do SLGraphify and normal
questions. So say for example, there's
something in this repo. Here's an actual
use case, right? I have YouTube chat
here where you can have conversations
with me and it's got every school post
I've ever done, every YouTube video I've
ever done. You can ask it questions,
which is cool. And it says, "Hey, this
is the most relevant resource in the
community that's probably going to be
helpful for you, right?" Like, "Hey,
what is anti-gravity?" It will tell me
that. But what if I was building another
project and I wanted to know how the rag
system behind this actually works? Well,
ordinarily we'd have to get basically
spend a ton of tokens to do this. You
see, it's now pointing module and there
we go. Now we're ready to rock and roll.
But with graphify, what we can do is
just use this new query bas this new
kind of knowledge graph to get there way
quicker, way less tokens and just
actually get to the heart of what is
connected faster. Now that's installed.
What we need to do is I'm first of all
going to clear this context just so we
get a brand new window so we can save on
our tokens. Now I'm going to do forward
slash I'm going to come in and graphify
and then we're going to ask it a
question. So let's just say something
like hey there explain to me how the rag
system works for the YouTube chat
please. And if you're wondering how I'm
actually talking to my computer my with
my mouse all I'm doing is I'm using
glider.com. I'll put a link down below
so you can check that out if you'd like
to. Now, this is going ahead and it's
going to use the graph skill to do this
for us. And it can also produce then for
us that wonderful kind of like queryable
graph that you saw at the beginning of
the video. And just like that, it's gone
ahead and given me the answer. And I
asked it to clarify, did you use graphy
to do this? It said yeah. And it's open
up the chart. And this is now the visual
representation of that codebase. And
then the other thing that's good to know
is that this works best for larger
repos. So if you have something that's
30 files or less, the overhead can eat
the win. This really crushes it when
you're looking at 500 files plus. I
remember one of my first clients I ever
had asked me to go and scrape a lot of
stuff. But once I did that, I run into
so many issues because all the websites
aren't basically designed for AI.
They're designed for humans. Some are in
JavaScript, some are in HTML, and you
end up with way less results, which is
why the next repo saves a lot of that
headache. And that is fru. And I'm going
to show you something that you may not
have seen as a use case for fcro before
if you're not familiar with it. So the
idea is it's AI agents that basically
use and search the web and get clean
data. That's basically the TDR of it. So
effectively super easy to install into
command line. We're also going to
connect this together in claude to make
it super easy to get started. Now why is
it so cool? Well, think of it like this.
The web is like HTML soup if you think
it from this perspective and firecrawl
is the strainer. The idea is the web is
very messy. Ads, cookie banners,
infinite scrolls. I've been on those
news websites. I'm like, "Oh my gosh."
You know, you can never reach the
bottom. We've all been on those trash
terrible websites. Uh JavaScript that
hydrates h half the content. The idea is
firecraw is going to reshape any URL
into AI ready structure data. So it's
something that AI can actually go ahead
and use and we're going to be able to
take that data. And the cool thing about
it and this is one of the big things is
scraping is a large part of any AI
automation system that you're going to
have. And the philosophy behind it is it
can cost you a lot of tokens if you're
just scraping HTML. Firecrawl can save
you sometimes to 80% on that sort of
stuff or any kind of web scraper. really
it's up to you what you want to use but
fire crawl I've always found to be a
really good example. So what I'm going
to show you right now is how we can use
firecrawl. Let's say that we wanted to
grow our business and get more
customers. How would that physically
work? So I'm going to come over now to
claude and what we're going to do is add
firecroll as a connector. To do that I'm
going to come down here to the bottom
left and I've removed this specifically
for you so I could show you. I'm going
to come down here to manage connectors.
And so once you're on this page you're
going to come on click on plus and click
on add custom connector. And in the top
you're going to type in firecraw. And
then you need to add a remote MCP server
URL which essentially is this one right
here on docs.fcrol. You're going to copy
that. Come back over to claude and just
drop that information in. And then you
can see this information here with the
curly brackets is what you're going to
replace with your API key. So if you
come then over to fire crawl create an
account if you haven't or sign in. You
get an API key basically completely for
free. You don't need to pay anything for
it. come over. Just literally grab that
and then we're going to come back over
to Claude and then we're literally just
going to replace this with our API key.
Then once you've done that, you'll see
this page. You want to go instead of
need approval, I'm going to go for
always allow just so I'm not forever
clicking buttons. I'm I'm a savage of
that. I hate just sitting there clicking
buttons all day. But once that's done,
we can now basically use it. So if we
come back over to the chat window, I'm
going to give it a question now. So
let's ask it something like, "Hey there,
what I'd like you to do is use the
firewall MCP. I want you to go ahead and
find for me 20 leads in the pool
cleaning business in Austin. So, I'm
starting a website generation service
for businesses like that. I would love
to know their name, their email address,
uh their website, and maybe like one to
two interesting facts that you can glean
from those websites, and then just go
ahead and quote for me uh either like an
interactive HTML document or some kind
of Excel, just some interesting way for
me to consume that data. Then, I'm going
to send that one off, and then we can
just literally let it go and run and do
that for us. Now this is the world that
we live in now that we can ask these
questions just give it the tools it
needs to do and it runs ahead and
happens. I think really the only big
limitation is just a your imagination
and b doing the actual thing and just
like that we now have this full HTML
document. I asked for it in a HTML
document cuz I thought it'd be more
visible visual for you to see but
basically you could put this in anything
you want to. You can see we've got them
here. We have their email address, their
website, familyowned by Alex, Texas
native, unique niches, Airbnb, pool
service, and basically cleaning. So, you
get these ideas. I can export it as
JSON, CSV, anything that I want to. And
so, a couple good to know on the
completely free tier, you can get around
500 credits, which I've always found
really generous, but just be aware at a
certain point, as with all things, you
may need to upgrade at the hobby plan is
$16 a month. And obviously, the
performance can vary on some very
particular sites, but in the main, I've
always found it really fantastic, but
just really good to be aware of. Now,
knowledge is power. We've been told this
our entire lives. And one of the best
use cases that I found actually with
Claude code is when you combine it to
the world's number one research and
intelligence agent. I was doing a
presentation recently and I had a load
of fact checked information and it
didn't quite look right to me. So, I ran
it through notebook and the insights I
got from it genuinely found things that
other methods hadn't done. Which is why
I really think Notebook learn is such a
cool integration specifically when we
combine it with cloud code. So you can
drop in over 300 sources, PDFs, YouTube
videos as we all know. The skill is
incredible. It connects via a cookie and
I've got that skill for you. I'll put a
link for you down below. We're going to
look through it together and it's really
cool. Obviously recently book expanded
out. You can do cinematic overviews. You
can do so many different things. The
idea here is that you can give it any
information. It can generate podcasts
for you. But the key thing is when we
use that within claude code, we can do
it programmatically. So claude code
knows everything about you. It knows
what you like to do, your business and
based on that it can actually curate for
you specialized and specific notebooks
and then we can either like query those
notebooks or download those files on our
computer or do anything that we want to.
It's really it really is like having a
personal research team and it can get
things beyond that just regular internet
search can actually access. So to
download it, I'm going to put the link
down below. All you're going to do is
show up to this page here. Going to come
down to Claude notebook LM skill and
then just download that. Then within the
Claude app, which is the one that we
downloaded here, you're going to upload
that skill. And what it will ask you to
do is to sign in. So we'll open up
Google Chrome. You sign in and then it
connects and authenticates with your
cookie. And then basically all you do
basically turn it into a skill
and/netebookm.
And this notebook LM skill I've recently
upgraded with the support of some
incredible people inside my community.
Daniel, if you're watching, a huge thank
you. Just to make sure, but it's super
duper like even more robust in things
like co-work if that's where you'd like
to use it. So, it's so cool that we can
collaborate on that kind of stuff. So,
what I could do here, for example, is
say, "Hey, based on everything that you
know about me, could you create for me a
new notebook on growing on Instagram,
I'd like you to grab, let's just say, 20
different YouTube videos from experts
who are exceptional at growing uh short
form content." Uh, and then just let me
know when that is complete, please.
That's all I do. And I'm going to send
that one off right there. Now, this is
really cool because effectively Claude
has and specifically based on the memory
systems that I've developed and I'll put
a link on screen if you want to check
that one out. But basically, it knows
about me. So, it can actually go ahead
now and build specific knowledges for me
um that I can then query and just
basically get this incredible research.
Then after a couple minutes, this is now
all complete. So, it's created for us.
I've open this up for us here as well as
you can see and I have 20 different
sources I can use here. This is really
cool as well because there is no cost to
you in using this network LM, right? So
effectively you've got the sources, you
can query it at $0 and if you had all
these as text on your computer, cord
would have to process through
everything. But with this system, it
sends a question off and an answer comes
back, which I think is really freaking
cool. So what we can do now is just
query it something. So if I say
something like, "Awesome. If you had to
give me three pieces of really succinct
advice for growing your Instagram in
2026 in the AI niche, what would they
be?" And again, it can just query now
that notebook by just asking any
question that you like. And then we get
some answers back. Visual payoff in
frame one. Don't open with a talking
head or say, "Today, I'm going to show
you." People have short attention spans
now, right? Have you noticed that? Build
one repeatable format, not 501offs. Pick
a single hook shape and stick to it.
Interesting. And then document builds
don't teach tools. Everyone is posting
top tools where you are blah blah blah.
So really cool. And now we have this in
a pocket. And if you want to know more
you can do with this, I'll put a link on
screen so you can click that and go down
the beautiful rabbit hole. And a couple
of good to know/cavages is this is an
unofficial API because we're using the
cookies in the browser. Another one is
it's a one-time browser per machine. So
it's solely used and it can feel a
little clunky sometimes if you're doing
team development. I refined a lot of it
in the API, but it's just one to watch
out for. I didn't need to reauthenticate
today, but in times past that has been a
little bit of a complaint. So if you can
overcome those small hurdles, you can
unlock some really cool stuff with it.
Now if something isn't broken, you don't
need to fix it. And that's the thesis
behind the fourth tool we've got here,
which is called awesome design. Some say
it's very aptly named and very
conveniently called awesome design. So
let's talk about what it actually is. So
in essence, it's got nine different
categories. So in this itself, you'll
see the idea is it helps you build
beautiful websites and apps and things
like that. They have different
collections of websites like claude
coherent lema labs for AI developer
tools backend productivity and sass
design creatives fintech the list goes
on and on and effectively what it does
is it's codified the design system
behind the best websites on the planet
so instead of you starting from scratch
and AI is really good at coding but it
doesn't always understand what
excellence looks like. So the idea is
well if we could just tell it like
specifically like this is what good and
here are the frameworks it can reproduce
these beautiful designs but in your own
specific style. So we have these design
systems inspired by Apple. It's got the
different uh typography. It's got the
fonts. It's got everything you want. So
you can kind of have a look around with
this and play around with it and have a
little see a little flirt with the with
the website so to speak. Right? I want
to play with maybe Lamborghini. What
does that one look like? Well this is a
design system of Lamborghini. And you
can take this as an initial idea and
then play around with it and build it
out as you kind of want to basically. So
it's a design MD library. And the cool
thing is you just add this GitHub repo
and then you can start designing cool
things. As I say, it's a wardrobe of 68
brand identities. Very, very freaking
cool. No bespoke designer, no 3-week
mood board. You just pick, you paste,
and you ship. So with that in mind,
shall we have a little play around and
see what that looks like? Well, to do
it, we're going to do only one really
simple thing. We're going to come over
here. I'm going to copy this. Then we're
going to head over to Claudor
anti-gravity. So I've got a new session
here. I'm just going to say, "Hey there.
I'd like you to install this GitHub
repo." And once you've done that, I want
you to build a website for a in the
style of this. Okay. And I'm going to
come down. Here's a GitHub repo. And
then let's go over and pick one together
that we think looks pretty cool. So what
if we wanted to do something like why
not in the style of Claude, right? I
mean, that could be convenient. We're
doing a video on Claude. Let's make it a
Claude inst Claude inspired one, right?
Let's copy this design MD. Come back
over, do it in the style of Claude.
Okay. And then I'm just going to come
over and throw that in there. And then
let it run right and do everything for
us. Now, one question you might be
wondering is, Jack, why are you
sometimes using anti-gravity and
sometimes using the claw desktop? In
reality, in both examples, I'm using
CLA. I'm using Opus 4.6. So, the end
outcome is the same. It doesn't really
make a difference from that. Really, at
this point, it just comes down to what
you prefer and what your preference is.
Um, you can just do everything within
the Claude app if you prefer.
Anti-gravity has a few different aspects
to it that you can play around with if
you want to. But one of the things
you'll notice is that the direction
travel for Claude now is you have these
buckets on the lefth hand side which are
your folders and then you can pick the
individual chats within those folders to
have conversations. So, honestly, at
this stage, it is becoming more of a
preference thing. You could do the exact
same thing, anti-gravity if you wanted
to. Beautiful. And now that's complete.
We can actually go ahead and check this
out. So we can click on this and have a
look. And the cool thing with this new
clothing thing is we can actually just
look at it in the browser. Have a look.
Let's see what it looks like. It does
look very cloudy to me. So I think
they've really crushed that. Again, they
got the typography nailed down. And
again, this is an example website of
what it would look like. You can see
they have these different platforms you
can play around with. And you can
customize this in any which way that you
want to, which I think is really
freaking cool. So, for example, it's so
easy as, hey, instead of saying give
your AI agents taste, could we say give
your AI agent personality, you know,
whatever you want to. And where we're at
right now with anything like apps and
websites is we just amend it with our
language. And just like that, it's
completely done. If you want to learn
how to turn pages like this into
websites that are online, that are SEO
optimized, have all the systems look
gorgeous, just click a video on screen
if you want to go deeper into that
topic. A couple things that are good to
know about it is that it's a library,
not a skill. So these are predefined
templates. Granted, very cool templates
to be fair like Apple and CLA. They're
really decent, but it's a curated list.
So think of them as design inspirations
like uh prepackaged ideas that you can
build on. The quality can vary with
mileage. So some are going to be great
and some are probably not so great. So
do I always say these things create four
or five when I built ajack.com for my
community to help them out. I actually
built probably four simultaneously in
four separate environments. And even
then added one or two prompts in each of
them to get the right first initial kind
of like starter and then I go deeper. So
feel free to run it a couple of times
with them. Now imagine if you could use
claude code frameworks without actually
having to pay for claude code. Sometimes
Albert Einstein we don't want him
mopping the floors. We want him at the
whiteboard doing the heavy duty stuff.
So the idea behind the fifth tool is
actually that we want to where possible
if it doesn't require big brain power we
can just send a smaller model to do it
within claw code. Of course, what I'm
talking about here is claude code
router. What does that mean, Jack? Well,
I'm going to explain to you. So, is that
we can keep the claude code UX, but we
just swap the brain around. Okay, it's a
local proxy. Claude Code thinks it's
talking to anthropic, but you route to a
different cheaper model via OpenRout
basically. So, it can support Kimmy
K2.6, deep sea, quen, local alarm, open
route basically is what it is. It works
with your existing skills and muscle
memory, which is great. So, you don't
need to retrain it. It's essentially the
exact same dashboard. We're just going
to swap out the engine behind it. So,
think about if you have like a Ferrari,
you have the Ferrari and you have the
engine. The engine is Claude called Opus
4.6. But if we're just parking the car,
we don't need like a Formula 1 engine.
We can probably just use something from
a Fiat Punto. I say Fiat Punto cuz that
was my very first car. And I I have a a
lot of sentimentality for it, guys.
Honestly, I'll own that car again one
day. But the idea here is that we can
actually reduce our cost because
tokconomics is like the biggest limiting
factor for people and we just don't need
a bazooka to open up a wooden door,
right? So if you look at Kim K 2.6 for
example, the API credits, you know,
you're looking at 88% cheaper where we
don't need to be doing Opus 4.7, Opus
4.6, and then we can have root overflows
to DeepS and any models that we want to.
So with that in mind, why don't we give
it a shot and see what that looks like.
So all you're going to do is head over
to this GitHub repo here, come into
code, and copy this one. This one I
would use in anti-gravity rather than
clawed code because I think the way they
built that like with the actual it is
really pushed and hardcoded to be
clawed. Um so I'm imagining it wouldn't
be as effective there. So let's go over
to anti-gravity. So I've got claw code
open and basically I'm just going to say
hey there'd like to go ahead and install
this GitHub repo. Tell me what you need
from me like my open router API key for
example and let me know when you are
ready. Okay. Once that's done I'm just
going to paste in that GitHub repo like
so. And actually what I might do is just
highlight all this text real quick and
probably just ask Glido to Hey there
Glido. Um would you improve this prompt
in any way that would basically give it
better instructions. Um it's something I
like to do occasionally when I'm
actually asking questions to Claude.
Yeah. Okay, that does sound a lot
better. Then let's just enter that one
in for example. Uh and then we can just
send that off. And just like that, it's
now come back and confirm what it needs
for us to proceed. And actually I'm glad
I did that because the questions are way
better this way. It just needs the open
API key. So I'm going to say awesome
model preference. Just use reasonable
default. I'd like you to avoid any
Chinese-based models, please. Okay, now
I'm gonna go over there. Come over to
open router.ai and I'm just going to go
ahead and create a new API key. I'll put
like $10 into this. I think that's
usually fair. Even if you're doing free
models, it's always worth $10 so open
routter knows that you're a real person
and actually going to use the service.
Even if they don't charge you anything
if you're doing free models, then it'll
show you an API key. Just simply copy
that, come back over, and then share it
with an anti-gravity. Wonderful. No
massel complete. You can see it's all
rocking and rolling. So, have a look at
this. Look, everything's up and running.
Here's your setup summary. This is where
it's running. The model routting is open
router, no Chinese models. This is
default. This is the background. Blah
blah blah. It's got everything that we
want to. So, for example, to use it, we
need to run this command. So, let's go
ahead and open a new terminal and give
it that exact command. We call it open
up a new terminal. Let's just paste in
the code and we should have it there.
So, let's see if it works. Hey there,
that's what it says. Quantumizing. Looks
like it's working to me, which is pretty
sweet. Okay, so I've tested it. It's
come back and it's asking for help. So,
it might say something like, do me a
favor. Create for me a file on my
desktop. 20 words. Why spring spinals
are the best dog on the planet. Okay,
throw that out. You can ask it questions
now and this will reroute it to the most
appropriate model for that particular
task. If it needs big brains, it uses a
big brain model. If it doesn't, it goes
down. One of the really cool things that
we can do with this as well is configure
it if we like to within the other node.
So, we can say I don't want any Chinese
models or I just want you to use 4.6 and
4.0. Really freaking cool. So, this says
that it's opened up. So, let's just see
if we can check that one out for
example. And there we go. loyal,
intelligent companions, etc. One thing
that you may find as well is it gets a
little bit prickly with some of the
Gemini models. But again, you can just
change that by chatting to it in the
initial terminal. Now, before you go
ahead and cancel your Opus Max plan, a
couple of things that you should know.
Number one is that Skulls MCPs rely on
Thropic specific tool call formatting.
So, they can misbehave if they're not
clawed back ends. Like, I find a little
bit of prickliness with Gemini and some
of them do need tool calling. So, make
sure you're doing that, which is why
it's good. Like, if it doesn't need tool
calling, it won't use those specific
things. Um, you also get more latency,
so it takes a little bit more time. I
mean, granted, you can make your lattes
in between, which is great, but the
point is it's not going to be as
lightning fast. Again, this is a
trade-off, right, between price and
speed and performance. So, this is the
idea is that sometimes we don't need it
to be super fast and super high
performance. And again, tool calling
quality cliffs below Kimmy K2.6 and Deep
Seek for multi file refactors. don't
route to a random cheap model, but that
is the job and the purpose of the repo
to help you guide through that to save
you tons of money. Now, these five repos
are incredible, but one of the most epic
things that I've done all year long is
build a design system. And the ROI on
that is probably one of the highest I've
done. And you can apply to your business
by watching this video right